{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Columbia University Consent Form
\f1\b0 \ulnone \
\

\f0\b Protocol Information
\f1\b0 \
\
Attached to Protocol: IRB-???\
Principal Investigator: Jon B Freeman (jbf2172) \
IRB Protocol Title: ???\
\

\f0\b General Information\

\f1\b0 \
Consent Number: ???
\f0\b \

\f1\b0 Participation Duration: \outl0\strokewidth0 ???
\f0\b \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \

\f1\b0 Anticipated Number of Subjects: \outl0\strokewidth0 ???
\f0\b \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\

\f1\b0 Research Purpose: We are researchers at Columbia University doing a research study investigating how human perception works. Perception is our ability to identify and process information about the world around us 
\f0\b \
\
Information on Research\
\

\f1\b0 Key Information -We expect that this session will take no more than 2 hours of your time. -Participation involves completing a survey. You may choose to not answer any or all questions -You will be asked to view images and/or hear sounds and make interpretations of what you see/hear. Instructions before the task will let you know exactly what sort of interpretations you\'92ll need to be making and what you\'92ll be presented with in detail. We will talk to you about taking part in this research study. You should ask us any questions you have about this form and about this research study. -If you decide to take part in the study, it should be because you really want to volunteer. You can choose to withdraw at any time during the study. If you choose not to volunteer you will not lose any services, benefits, or rights you would normally have. -If you are interested in learning more about this study, please read the details below. \
\

\f0\b Risks
\f1\b0 \
\
Are there any risks? You can choose to skip questions if they make you uncomfortable. The risks to your participation in this online study are those associated with basic computer tasks, including boredom, fatigue, mild stress, or breach of privacy or confidentiality. Loss of privacy means having your personal information shared with someone who is not on the study team and was not supposed to see or know about your information. The study team plans to protect your privacy. Our plans for keeping your information private are described in the "Confidentiality" section of this form. \
\
\

\f0\b Benefits
\f1\b0 \
\
Are there benefits to taking part in the study? There are no direct benefits of participating in this study. The only benefit to you is the learning experience from participating in a research study. This research may help the investigator understand the mechanisms underlying our ability to make sense of other people better. \
\

\f0\b Alternative Procedures
\f1\b0 \
\
Alternatives to this study You may choose not to take part in this research study. \
\

\f0\b Confidentiality
\f1\b0 \
\
What about my privacy? Every effort will be made to keep your personal information confidential. However, we cannot guarantee total privacy. Confidentiality of your research records will be strictly maintained. Information will be stored in the investigator\'92s file and will be identified by a code number. The code key connecting your name to specific information about you will be kept in a separate, secure location. Information not containing identifiers may be used in future research or shared with other researchers without your additional consent. The following individuals and/or agencies will be able to look at and copy your research records: - The investigator, study staff and other professionals who may be evaluating the study - Authorities from Columbia University, including the Institutional Review Board ('IRB') - The United States Office of Human Research Protections('OHRP'). The results of this study may be published in a book, journal, or used for teaching purposes. However, your name will not be used in any publication or teaching materials without your specific permission. This permission, when sought, will be requested in writing. Data collected from this study will be retained for future use. This does not stop you from willingly releasing information about your involvement in this research. It also does not prevent you from having access to your own information \
\

\f0\b Compensation
\f1\b0 \
\
Will I be compensated for my participation in this study? \
You will be compensated $???. For your participation, you will be paid via Prolific at the end of the study. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Additional Costs
\f1\b0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Are there any additional costs to this study?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 There are no additional costs to participation in this study. 
\f0\b \
\
Voluntary Participation\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What are my rights in this study? \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Participation in this study is voluntary. Non-participation or withdrawal will result in no loss of services from Columbia University to which you are otherwise entitled; and it will not affect your academic standing (if applicable) in any way. You have the right to not answer any questions you prefer not to answer in any interviews, questionnaires or surveys. Further, once participating, you may withdraw at any time. \
\

\f0\b Additional Information
\f1\b0 \
\
Contact Information If there is anything about the study or your participation that is unclear or that you do not understand, or if you have questions or wish to report a research-related problem, you may contact Dr. Jon Freeman at ??? or ???. If you have any questions or concerns about your rights or your welfare as a research subject, please contact the Columbia University: Morningside Institutional Review Board (IRB). The IRB is a committee organized to protect the rights and welfare of human subjects involved in research and operates independently of the research team. \
\
Human Research Protection Office/IRB Columbia Morningside \
154 Haven Ave., 1st floor \
New York, NY 10032 \
Telephone (212) 305-5883 \
\

\f0\b Statement of Consent
\f1\b0 \
\
Agreement to participate \
I have read the above purpose of the study, and I understand my role in participating in the research. I volunteer to take part in this research. I have had a chance to ask questions. If I have questions about the research later, I can ask the investigator listed above. I understand that I may refuse to participate or withdraw from participation at any time. The investigator may withdraw me at his/her professional discretion. I certify that I am 18 years of age or older and freely give my consent to participate in this study. I will receive a copy of this document for my records. \
\
\
Press the consent button below}